and before starting the video I want to thank
Subscribers group VKontakte which and
suggested the idea of ​​creating this cycle
Hi there, you're on the blitz fan channel
by you i am semzay 1 and it starts today
new video loop
learn to ripen in which I will
talk about all the details of the game
starting from simple truths and ending
tricks and tricks and today we
start with the control settings Well
look first at the total i will tell
settings that I set myself and
perhaps if you are playing with a device
the smaller screen they are not
fit but again explain the reason
of your choice but for the beginning the location
Well of course the right outfit again
right handed tent of course joystick
static tried the joystick and
cut as written here but like that
That did not fit avtopotsel pretty
important control and i have it
left only in arcade mode will explain
why at the beginner level it goes without saying
aiming is not particularly necessary and
avtopritsel even in sniper mode
In principle, he can arrange us however
in the future there are already cars
more armored and accounted for
vytselivat then in avtopritsel
sniper mode will not suit us but
Push notifications, we probably do not disassemble
there will be a second firing button
of course I turned it on and advise everyone
do it a very handy thing and
allows you to shoot not only right
thumb
but also the left viewing area is curious
The thing however yagi not use and
because turned off although in many moments
she can help out so you don't twist
tower in order to turn back
and just turned the camera minimap
sure to all ku
of course now what about
sensitivity camera sensitivity
worth it let's count
time two three 4 5 by 5 explain why
aiming high level opponents
quite difficult and sensitivity more
high extremely difficult this
the process therefore put on 5
sensitivity to leave by
the standard volume of the game will not
now about the layout itself
as you see all the items i left in
standard layout only
increased joystick here you are free
choose exactly the way you want and
what place for the screen diagonal in
In many ways, of course, defining
separate mentioning and setting
controllers before official support
there are no controllers at the moment however
it is possible to connect them and
consider we controller steelseries
stratus which actually connects
to ios based devices forgive ipads
and all sorts of phone and it connects
via bluetooth it can not
connect the wires consider it
managing the main cross in this
the game is useless further left stick it
the movement of the frame itself is responsible for
review button and x and y are all sorts
consumables respectively lower average
top and also would it be recharge but
it's worth noting that it's a recharge
only works if we have cassettes on and
loading l1 and r1 buttons too
of dubious utility because
what functions do not respond l2 sniper
the r2 sight is responsible for shooting yes to
Sorry at the moment to configure
management does not appear otherwise
possible but the developers promised
support for gamepads and all kinds
control also on the android device
you can connect almost any
controllers
however, they are also fine tuned.
impossible to manage we figured out a
the next video we will look at
complete set of tank and so outfit and
ammunition and equipment and of course
not to miss this release not
forget to subscribe to the channel and
Join the group vkontakte
to new meetings and purple you
statistics